docs: clarify when `await shape.synced` resolves. (#1380)
electric-sql/electric: docs/usage/data-access/shapes.md

If the shape subscription is invalid, the first promise will be rejected. If the data load fails for some reason, the second promise will be rejected.

:::note

> If you establish a shape subscription that has already synced its initial data, awaiting `shape.synced` will always resolve immediately. I.e.: imagine that you re-run the code above on subsequent page loads. Awaiting `shape.synced` a second time will only ensure that the initial shape load is complete. It does not ensure that the replication stream has fully caught up.

Reviewer: nit: perhaps we should avoid using phrases like "fully caught up" - perhaps a plain "caught up" might still do

```suggestion
If you establish a shape subscription that has already synced its initial data, awaiting `shape.synced` will always resolve immediately. I.e.: imagine that you re-run the code above on subsequent page loads. Awaiting `shape.synced` a second time will only ensure that the initial shape load is complete. It does not ensure that the replication stream has caught up to the central Postgres' more recent state.
```
